doc: Update readme with anta cli (#139)
arista-netdevops-community/network-test-automation: README.md

  - To automate NRFU (Network Ready For Use) test on a preproduction network
  - To automate tests on a live network (periodically or on demand)

> This repository comes with a [cli](./anta/cli/) to run __Arista Network Test Automation__ (ANTA) framework using your prefered shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository comes with a [cli](./anta/cli/) to run __Arista Network Test Automation__ (ANTA) framework using your preferred shell:
```

```
$ anta
Usage: anta [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  Arista Network Test CLI

Options:
  --username TEXT         Username to connect to EOS  [env var: ANTA_USERNAME]
  --password TEXT         Password to connect to EOS  [env var: ANTA_PASSWORD]
  --timeout INTEGER       Connection timeout (default 5)  [env var: ANTA_TIMEOUT]
  --enable-password TEXT  Enable password if required to connect  [env var: ANTA_ENABLE_PASSWORD]
  -i, --inventory PATH    Path to your inventory file  [env var: ANTA_INVENTORY]
  --timeout INTEGER       Connection timeout (default 5)  [env var: ANTA_TIMEOUT]
  --help                  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  exec  Execute commands to inventory devices
  get   Get data from/to ANTA
  nrfu  Run NRFU against inventory devices
```

<img src="./docs/imgs/anta-nrfu-table-output.png"></img>

> In addition, previous scripts are now marked as __deprecated__ and will be removed in futur release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, previous scripts are now marked as __deprecated__ and will be removed in a future release:
```
